## Why is Telescope useful?
With Telescope, we can better understand how our readers are consuming our content.  
 
By building it, our aim is to have audience data easily available in one place—so that when you're wondering “how is my content doing?”, you can find that answer quickly. It’s designed to be intuitive and simple to use, with enough context around the data so that it’s easy to interpret and take action with. We’ve built it with user feedback at the centre, so it’s designed to benefit the very people who’ll use it.

Telescope’s data combines traffic figures from ComScore and recirculation and engagement data from Chartbeat. It updates around every 15 minutes. 

We’ll be updating this manual as new features and functionality are added. If you would like to know more, please contact telescope@bbc.co.uk. 

## Which metrics are important?
There are several key metrics we care about - and the one to focus on depends on what it is you're trying to measure. 

If you’re interested in reach, the metric you want to pay attention to is **page views**. This essentially tells you how many people your story reached - and indicates how well the story was promoted. _Read more [here.](https://telescope-beta.tools.bbc.co.uk/guides/data-on-specific-content/how-much-traffic-did-my-content-get)_

If you’re wondering whether people had a good experience on the page, focus on **engagement**. This tells you how long, on average, readers spent on an individual story. _Read more [here.](https://telescope-beta.tools.bbc.co.uk/guides/data-on-specific-content/how-long-did-people-spend-on-my-content)_

Did people travel elsewhere on the site? If you’re interested in this, then look at **recirculation**. This tells us the average proportion of readers who click away to another story on the BBC News website. _Read more [here.](https://telescope-beta.tools.bbc.co.uk/guides/data-on-specific-content/what-about-recirculation)_

If you’re measuring how successful a **video** was, there are two metrics you can focus on: 3 second plays (i.e. a basic play) and 10 second plays (i.e. an engaged play). You can view these in the [Audience Engagement portal](http://audience-engagement.bbcnewslabs.co.uk/stats/most-watched) for now - but we hope to have video data in Telescope soon!
