## GLOSSARY OF TERMS 

**_Browsers_**
These are also known as unique browsers or unique visitors. A browser is the device (e.g. a mobile or desktop) that has visited a page (or multiple pages) on a website during a specific period of time. It's worth noting that one person can be more than one browser (e.g. if someone visits BBC News site on their mobile and on their laptop.)

**_Visits_** 
These are a series of events (e.g. a page view) from a single browser. One browser could visit multiple pages in one visit to the site, for instance. A visit ends when there’s been no activity (e.g. a new page load or a click on a page) for 30 minutes, or when the user closes their browser window. 
 
**_Device_**
The device users visit us on, (e.g. mobile, tablet, desktop). 
 
**_Engagement/engaged time_**
How long users spend on an individual page.
 
**_Entry type_**
How users came to your story, e.g. from another BBC page, via a search engine or social network, or from a link in an email or third party app. These are defined as:

* **BBC:** Internal traffic, so readers coming to a page from another BBC News page or via the BBC News apps
* **Social:** Traffic from social media referrers (including Facebook Instant Articles)
* **Search:** Traffic from search engines (including Google AMP pages)
* **Email and messaging:** Traffic from links sent in emails or messaging apps that we can't track to a specific source
* **Other:** Traffic from any other website that isn’t categorised as search, social, or BBC. This includes aggregators like Google News or Flipboard, Apple News traffic, other news websites, or blogs, Wikipedia pages wnd websites in general. 
 
**_Event_**
A change that was made to a piece of content, e.g. if the headline was changed, if a kicker was added to the headline, if the story was placed on an index or if internal links were added.
 
**_Page views_**
Each time a BBC News page has been viewed by a user. 

**_Page views per browser_**
The average number of pages viewed by browsers to the site—one browser could visit multiple pages. This is calculated by dividing the total number of page views by the total number of browsers in a given period. 

**_Page views per visit_**
The average number of pages viewed in each visit to the site. This is calculated by dividing the total number of page views by the total number of visits—that is, the number of times a site is visited—in that day.
 
**_Platform_**
Whether users visit via responsive web, the BBC News app or Apple News, or via a Google AMP page or a Facebook Instant Article.
 
**_Recirculation_**
The proportion of a page’s readers who clicked onwards to another BBC article or index page.
 
 
